\documentclass[11pt,article,oneside]{memoir}
\usepackage[minion]{org-preamble-pdflatex}
%\usepackage{MnSymbol}
%\usepackage{MinionPro}
%\usepackage[mathlf,textlf,minionint]{MinionPro}


\usepackage{graphicx}
% We will generate all images so they have a width \maxwidth. This means
% that they will get their normal width if they fit onto the page, but
% are scaled down if they would overflow the margins.
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth
\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\makeatother
\let\Oldincludegraphics\includegraphics
\renewcommand{\includegraphics}[1]{\Oldincludegraphics[width=\maxwidth]{#1}}

\title{Great Expectations}

%\author{}

\author{\Large Sebastian Barfort\vspace{0.05in} \newline\normalsize\emph{University of Copenhagen} \newline\footnotesize \url{sebastian.barfort@econ.ku.dk}\vspace*{0.2in}\newline }

%\author{Sebastian Barfort (University of Copenhagen)}

\date{ \vspace{-0.7in}}

\begin{document}  
\setkeys{Gin}{width=1\textwidth} 	
%\setromanfont[Mapping=tex-text,Numbers=OldStyle]{Minion Pro} 
%\setsansfont[Mapping=tex-text]{Minion Pro} 
%\setmonofont[Mapping=tex-text,Scale=0.8]{Pragmata}
\chapterstyle{article-4} 



\pagestyle{kjh}

\published{January 2014. Incomplete Draft. Please do not cite without permission.}

\maketitle



\begin{abstract}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enimad minim
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate
velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint
occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt
mollit anim id est laborum. quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris
nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in
reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla
pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa
qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.exercitation ullamco
laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor
in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla
pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa
qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

\end{abstract}


\section{}\label{section}

hej hej hej polslsls olor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do
eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua
({\textbf{???}}). Notice that citation there (Healy 2002). Ut enimad
minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip
ex ea commodo consequat. $\varepsilon \epsilon$

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{figures/ols_75_redist_coefplot.pdf}
\caption{Tea and Biscuits are correlated but there may be
identifiability issues.}
\end{figure}

\section{Theory}\label{theory}

Hej Blood Products Advisory Council (1983) Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,
consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore
et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enimad minim veniam, quis nostrud
exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enimad minim
veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate
velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla

\begin{equation}
I = \int \rho R^{2} dV
\end{equation}

Hej 1 pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in
culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum. Lorem ipsum dolor
sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt
ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enimad minim veniam, quis nostrud
exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum
dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non
proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est
laborum.\footnote{Here is one with multiple blocks.}

\begin{equation}
I = \int \rho R^{2} dV
\end{equation}

\section{Conclusion}\label{conclusion}

Right now, your options for formatting bibliographies using Pandoc are
to offload the work to biblatex (or natbib), or have pandoc handle
everything via \texttt{citeproc} and CSL files. The latter way is
simpler and cleaner, especially if we want to preserve the ability to
easily generate both HTML and LaTeX/PDF outputs. You have to do two
things. First, explicitly specify the ``References'' header. Second,
pandoc does not (yet) support some standard layout options for
bibliography entries---it will treat each entry like a regular
paragraph, when we want the first lines of each bibliography entry to
have no indentation, with subsequent lines (if any) to hang in from the
margin. The LaTeX commands below the ``References'' header accomplish
this . The LaTeX commands are ignored when HTML is produced, and do not
show up in the output file.

\section{References}\label{references}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.2in} \setlength{\leftskip}{0.2in}
\setlength{\parskip}{8pt} \vspace*{-0.2in} \noindent

Blood Products Advisory Council. 1983. ``Transcript of \textsc{bpac}
Meeting, February 7-8th.''

Healy, Kieran. 2002. ``Digital Technology and Cultural Goods.''
\emph{Journal of Political Philosophy}.

\end{document}
